Interview Experience (JavaScript and React) - Victoria’s Secret & Co.

Hello Friends,
I would like to share the second round interview experience with Victoria’s Secret & Co.

➡️ First 45 min - theoretical question on security, React and current project
➡️ Next two coding questions (60min)

Theoretical questions:
1️⃣ Asked about my current project and technically which I built some difficult feature and why I felt it was difficult (about 5min).

➡️ Next few question on security related (login and JWT)

2️⃣ What are different web storages and difference between them?
3️⃣ What are the best ways to store the JWT tokens? and how do you access them when you are sending the each request to server?
4️⃣ What kind of authentication and authorization implemented in your current project and how login works in your project?
5️⃣ Which authorization server is used and how JWT token works?
6️⃣ How do you handle authentication in your project for different employees (ex. admin should have all authorities and user should have only for few)
7️⃣ Discussed the security principles followed in my organization and the security considerations while coding on the frontend.
8️⃣ Explored React's lifecycle methods and their significance in maintaining secure web applications.
9️⃣ About JSX and how it helps to secure your code from XSS?

➡️ Scenario based
We will fetch some data from the server and if there is any change in data then only child components should re-render else no need to, how do you handle this?
- pure component

➡️ First coding question
Parent component ➖
- Input box : we need to enter a statement (ex. How are you?)
- button : When you click on this button, we need to pass the entered statement to child component.
Child component ➖
- we need to receive the incoming statement and display the each word with 2sec delay on screen.

➖ output should be : How --2sec delay-- are --2sec delay-- you?

➡️ Second coding question
➖ They provided an end point (URL), we need to fetch the data from that URL on ***every one minute** (important point)
➖ Basically, we will get the updated values on each fetch request

Conditions 🚩
➖ Create a custom hook which will take the given URL as an input and returns the output.
➖ Main component should use the custom hook to get the result and display the output.

I honestly tell you that I was familiar with the terms but lacked practical experience. Finally I expressed my willingness to learn and enhance my understanding of security.

Result about coding questions:
I was not able to complete them as expected (mainly I didn't get the result with delay and intervals properly)

I got an email from HR saying that, I have not cleared this round but yes it was a good try and had one nice experience and learnt something new.